#Yanet Yilma
##Game05 Micro-design
###The Curious and Fallen.

⋅⋅⋅For this game, I am planning on using human gameobjects from (https://poly.google.com) for the players. I plan to use about 3 players each controlled by the controller(you.) The objective of the game is to collect letters from the house which are placed randomly in each room. Each player needs to obtain 4 letters to be able to leave the house. Once one player collects 4 letters, you would need to get player two 4 letters and player three afterwards as well. Three death letters will spawn randomly within the house and once collected, that player will immediately die. Try to at least end the level with two or all players, but one player will be needed nonetheless to proceed to the next level. If all players die before collecting 4 letters each, you will have the opportunity to restart and try the level again. After successfully completing the level, whoever survives will be able to leave the house and recieve a checkpoint. Once exiting the house, the ghost will become mad and follow you into the woods. Players will have to try and not die at the hands of the ghost which will inflict damage and lower their health at a fast rate. You will have the opportunity to use equiped weapons on the ghost to weaken it and finally summoning it back into the house once and for all.

⋅⋅⋅The technical enhancements I plan on adding to this game is allowing players to pick up weapons around the house to equip. Also, I plan to add the ability to read the letters once collected. For the deadly letters I plan on the player being able to read it before dying. Additionally, I want the ghost and players to inflict damage on each other. Furthermore, I want to add checkpoints so each level is saved once completed instead of starting over from the beginning each time. Finally I want to use a lot of scene management into this game because a lot of rooms and different settings will be used.